README.md, before:

# About

I am tutor of the Computer Systems Technology course at CEDERJ.

I am a former member of the Brazilian Computer Society and have experience in data science, machine learning, image processing, web development, database modeling.

I worked with image processing techniques with civil construction and dermatology.
A computer vision system was developed that counts the concrete area to determine the presence of aggregates.
Hence the development of computer-aided diagnostic systems called 2PLA for tissue segmentation in photographs of chronic leg ulcers. Therefore, a non-invasive approach to dermatological analysis. I received the award for best article from TCCLS in 2019 by the IEEE.

I developed a website with the purpose of education, health, sales and entertainment, in which the following technologies were used: HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, Python, Ruby Java, Bootstrap, Bulma, Node.js, SQLite, React.js , Vue .js, Next.js, Flask, Docker and Jekyll.

Performed database modeling that involved the following steps: Requirements Analysis and Requirements Elicitation; Conceptual Project; Mapping to the model; Logical Model - Entity Relationship Model; Standardization and Mapping; Relational Model; and implementation.

In addition to the technology area, I study areas related to public administration and law and I am interested in social actions aimed at social transformation.

I use the following technologies:
Programming language: Python, Matlab, CSS, Javascript, Java, C ++, Shell, Ruby, C, PHP, C #
Database: MySQL, Postgresql, SQLite, MariaDB
Version control: Git
Code Infrastructure: Docker

---

Eu sou tutor do curso de Tecnologia em Sistemas de Computação pelo CEDERJ. 

Ex-membro da Sociedade Brasileira de Computação, experiência com ciência de dados, aprendizado de máquina, processamento de imagens, desenvolvimento web, modelagem de bancos de dados.

Trabalhei com técnicas de processamento de imagens junto a construção civil e a determatológia.
Essa foi elaborado um sistema de visão computacional que realiza a contagem da área de concreto a fim de determinar a presença de agregados.
Aquela, a elaboração de sistemas de diagnóstico assistido por computador denominado 2PLA para a segmentação de tecidos em fotografias de úlceras crônicas em membros inferiores. Então, abordagem não intrusiva para análises dermatológicas. Obtive o TCCLS Best Paper Award em 2019 pela IEEE.

Desenvolvi site tendo a finalidade para educação, saúde, venda e entretenimento, no qual foi usado as seguinte tecnologias: HTML, CSS, Javascript, PHP, Python, Ruby Java, Bootstrap, Bulma, Node.js, SQLite, React.js, Vue.js, Next.js, Flask, Docker e Jekyll.  

Realizei a modelagem de banco de dados no qual envolveu as seguinte etapas: Análise de requisitos e Elicitação de Requisitos; Projeto Conceitual; Mapeamento para o Modelo; Modelo Lógico - Modelo Entidade Relacionamento; Normalização e Mapeamento; Modelo Relacional; e Implementação.

Além da área de tecnologia estudo área relacionadas à administração pública e o direito e tenho interesse em ações sociais que visa a transformação social. 

Utilizo as seguintes tecnologias
Linguagem de programação: Python, Matlab, CSS, Javascript, Java, C++, Shell, Ruby, C, PHP, C#
Banco de dados: MySQL, Postgresql, SQLite, MariaDB
Controle de versão: Git
Infraestrutura de Código: Docker

Commit message:

chore: moved the asset folder to the haruno project

README.md, after:

# About

I made the transition from data science, machine learning and image processing to Asp.Net Core Backend, developing and managing MVC, MVVP, MVP applications; integrated with DevOps, having quality inspection by SonarQube; and following the Agile, SOLID and Design Pattern Methodologies.

I am a former member of the Brazilian Computer Society, experience with data science, machine learning, image processing, web development, database modeling.

I worked with image processing techniques in civil construction and dermatology.
This one was designed to build a computer vision system that counts the concrete area in order to determine the presence of aggregates. That one, the development of computer-assisted diagnostic systems called 2PLA for tissue segmentation in photographs of chronic ulcers in the lower limbs. So, non-intrusive approach to dermatological analyses. Obtained the TCCLS Best Paper Award in 2019 by the IEEE

I developed a website with the purpose of education, health, sales and entertainment, in which the following technologies were used Onion Architecture.

I performed the database modeling which involved the following steps: Requirements Analysis and Requirements Elicitation; Conceptual Design; Mapping to the Model; Logical Model - Entity Relationship Model; Normalization and Mapping; Relational Model; and Implementation.

---

Realizei a transição da área de ciência de dados, aprendizagem de máquina e processamento de imagens para Backend Asp.Net Core, desenvolvendo e administrando aplicação MVC, MVVP, MVP; integrado com o DevOps, tendo a inspecção da qualidade pelo SonarQube; e seguindo as Metodologia Ágil, SOLID e Design Pattern.

Sou ex-membro da Sociedade Brasileira de Computação, experiência com ciência de dados, aprendizado de máquina, processamento de imagens, desenvolvimento web, modelagem de bancos de dados.

Trabalhei com técnicas de processamento de imagens junto a construção civil e a dermatologia.
Essa elaborada para construção de sistema de visão computacional que realiza a contagem da área de concreto a fim de determinar a presença de agregados. Aquela, a elaboração de sistemas de diagnóstico assistido por computador denominado 2PLA para a segmentação de tecidos em fotografias de úlceras crônicas em membros inferiores. Então, abordagem não intrusiva para análises dermatológicas. Obtive o TCCLS Best Paper Award em 2019 pela IEEE

Desenvolvi site tendo a finalidade para educação, saúde, venda, entretenimento e fins governamentais. Usando Arquitetura Cebola.

Realizei a modelagem de banco de dados no qual envolveu as seguinte etapas: Análise de requisitos e Elicitação de Requisitos; Projeto Conceitual; Mapeamento para o Modelo; Modelo Lógico - Modelo Entidade Relacionamento; Normalização e Mapeamento; Modelo Relacional; e Implementação.
